Refactoring of benchmarks (#133)
IntelPython/scikit-learn_bench: sklbench/datasets/README.md

# Data Handling in Benchmarks

Data handling steps:
1. Load data:
   - If not cached: download/generate dataset and put it in raw and/or usual cache

>    - If cached: load from cached files

Author: It is supposed that pre-downloaded datasets are converted into applicable format and placed in cache (not raw cache which is simple directory for files downloaded from external sources).

>    - If cached: load from cached files

Author: Currently, it's more convenient to define data loader rather than preprocessing data manually, so polishing of this feature might be done after this PR.

>    - If cached: load from cached files

Reviewer: Fair enough

2. Split data into subsets if requested
3. Convert to requested form (data type, format, order, etc.)

> There are two level of cache with corresponding directories: `raw cache` for files downloaded from external sources, and just `cache` for files applicable for fast-loading in benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two levels of caching with corresponding directories: `raw cache` for files downloaded from external sources, and just `cache` for files applicable for fast-loading in benchmarks.
```
